[Upgrade 2.0 docs] `Task.cancel()` and `Join` triggers (#4941)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/upgrade-2.0.rst

Change
======

:class:`.Join` and :meth:`.Task.join` have been deprecated.

How to Upgrade
==============

Remove :class:`!Join` and :meth:`!Task.join` and simply :keyword:`await` the :class:`!Task` being joined,
or pass the :class:`!Task` directly into the function that will :keyword:`await` it.

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: Example Task

    async def example():
        ...

    task = cocotb.start_soon()

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: Old way using :class:`!Join`
    :class: removed

    await Join(task)
    # or
    await First(Join(task), RisingEdge(cocotb.top.clk))

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: Old way using :meth:`!Task.join`
    :class: removed

    await task.join()
    # or
    await First(task.join(), RisingEdge(cocotb.top.clk))

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: New way using :class:`!Task` directly
    :class: new

    await task
    # or
    await First(task, RisingEdge(cocotb.top.clk))

Rationale
=========

There were multiple synonyms for the same functionality, so we deprecated all but the least verbose.
This also better aligns cocotb's :class:`!Task`\ s with :class:`asyncio.Task`.

Additional Details
==================

> :keyword:`await`\ ing a :class:`!Join` trigger would return the result of the :class:`!Task`, not the trigger.
> This made determining what trigger fired difficult since there is no way to determine which :class:`!Task` returned a value if they all return the same type.
> :class:`.TaskComplete` was added to solve this deficiency in :class:`!Join`.
> Use :attr:`.Task.complete` to get the :class:`!TaskComplete` trigger associated with each :class:`!Task`.

Reviewer: Waiting on a `Task` still has the same problem.
```suggestion
:keyword:`await`\ ing a :class:`!Task` (or previously a :class:`!Join` trigger) returns the result of the :class:`!Task`, not the task/trigger.
This can make it difficult to determine which :class:`!Task: finished when waiting on multiple, such as with a :class:`.First` trigger.
:class:`.TaskComplete` was added to solve this.
Use :attr:`.Task.complete` to get the :class:`!TaskComplete` trigger associated with each :class:`!Task`.
```

:meth:`!Task.kill` stopped a :class:`.Task` from executing immediately,
which required re-entering the scheduler from a user context.
Scheduler re-entrance has been the cause of several hard to diagnose bugs.
:meth:`!Task.cancel` *schedules* stopping a :class:`!Task`,
preventing scheduler re-entrancy and sidestepping an entire class of bugs.

Additionally, :meth:`!Task.cancel` throws a :exc:`!CancelledError` into the task during cancellation,

> allowing clean up code to be executed, which was not the case with :meth:`Task.kill`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
allowing cleanup code to be executed, which was not the case with :meth:`Task.kill`.
```
?
